This video is about an introduction to prompt engineering. A
prompt is a set of instructions provided to large
language models with the objective of obtaining a response.
Prompt engineering is a technique used in large
language models to guide and control their output.
The primary aim is to provide specific instructions or data
to enhance the accuracy and relevance of the model's responses.
In the context of gen
A
prompt engineering involves designing input queries or commands that instruct
the A I on what kind of output is desired.
Prompt engineering is crucial
because it directly influences the quality and
relevance of the A I generated content.
Effective prompt engineering not only improves the
position of the A I generated content
but also plays a vital role in tailoring
responses to meet user expectations and ethical standards.
By carefully crafting prompts,
we ensure a more reliable and user friendly interaction with the A I system,
creating an experience
that aligns with user needs and ethical considerations.
Prompt engineering is a technique
that guides
A I systems ensuring they produce accurate and relevant information
leading to positive
and ethical interaction with users and optimized gen A I results. It is
important to note that
crafting precise problems is critical in producing
accurate and contextually relevant A I outputs
effective prompt engineering is a key factor in minimizing the
trial and error typically associated with eliciting desired outputs,
resulting in
substantial savings of time and resources.
By contextualizing and fine tuning problems.
Large language models can be used for generating
content across the technology delivery life cycle.
And it can also be used for generating
insights and recommendations based on various metrics.
In addition, finely tuned prompts coupled with correct contextual information,
ensure that LMS
do not hallucinate or generate incorrect information.
Thank you.